🤩 Inline expressions (#92)
executablebooks/jupyterlab-myst: README.md

pip install jupyterlab_myst
```

## Features

> JupyterLab MyST is a fully featured markdown renderer for technical documents, [get started with MyST Markdown](https://myst-tools.org/docs/mystjs/quickstart-myst-markdown). You can also use inline execution using the `{eval}` role inline. For example, we can explore properties of a numpy array inline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JupyterLab MyST is a fully featured markdown renderer for technical documents, [get started with MyST Markdown](https://myst-tools.org/docs/mystjs/quickstart-myst-markdown). It supports the MyST `{eval}` inline role, which facilitates the interweaving of code outputs and prose. For example, we can use inline expressions to explore the properties of a NumPy array.
```
